feat(kuma-cp): create default target ref policies (#8920)
kumahq/kuma: UPGRADE.md

We encourage all users to review their configuration, but we do not anticipate that this change will require any action for most users.

### Default `TrafficRoute` and `TrafficPermission` resources are not created when creating a new `Mesh`

We decided to remove default `TrafficRoute` and `TrafficPermission` policies that were created during a new mesh creation. Since this release your applications can communicate without need to apply any policy by default.
If you want to keep the previous behaviour set `KUMA_DEFAULTS_CREATE_MESH_ROUTING_RESOURCES` to `true`.

> When enabling mTLS, remember to add `MeshTrafficPermission`. Previously, we used to create the default `TrafficPermission` policy, which was necessary for traffic routing. However, starting from version `2.6`, Kuma no longer requires it without mTLS enabled. Nevertheless, it becomes necessary when mTLS is enabled. Therefore, before enabling mTLS, make sure to add the default `MeshTrafficPermission`.
> 
> * Policies no longer created by default:
>   * `CircuitBreaker`
>   * `Retry`
>   * `Timeout`
>   * `TrafficPermission`
>   * `TrafficRoute`
> * Policies created by default:
>   * `MeshCircuitBreaker`
>   * `MeshRetry`
>   * `MeshTimeout`
> 
> When might you want to set `KUMA_DEFAULTS_CREATE_MESH_ROUTING_RESOURCES` to `true`?
> 
> * When zones connecting to the global control-plane might be running on a version lower than `2.6`.
> * When you are recreating environment with CD(continous delivery) with old policies (without `Mesh..` prefix). In this situation, because of lack of `TrafficRoute` old policies won't be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The following policies will no longer be created automatically**:
  
  * `CircuitBreaker`
  * `Retry`
  * `Timeout`
  * `TrafficPermission`
  * `TrafficRoute`

**The following policies will be created by default**:

  * `MeshCircuitBreaker`
  * `MeshRetry`
  * `MeshTimeout`

> [!CAUTION]
> Before enabling `mTLS`, remember to add `MeshTrafficPermission.`

Previously, Kuma would automatically create the default `TrafficPermission` policy for traffic routing. However, starting from version `2.6.0`, this is no longer the case.

If you are using `mTLS`, you will need to manually create the `MeshTrafficPermission` policy before enabling `mTLS`.

The `MeshTrafficPermission` policy allows you to specify which services can communicate with each other. This is necessary in a `mTLS` environment because `mTLS` requires that all communication between services be authenticated and authorized.

#### When is it appropriate to set the `KUMA_DEFAULTS_CREATE_MESH_ROUTING_RESOURCES` environment variable to `true`?

* When zones connecting to the global control plane may be running an older version than `2.6.0`.
* When recreating an environment using continuous delivery (CD) with legacy policies, missing the `TrafficRoute` policy will prevent legacy policies from being applied.
```

We encourage all users to review their configuration, but we do not anticipate that this change will require any action for most users.

### Default resources are not created when creating a new `Mesh`

We decided to remove default `TrafficRoute` and `TrafficPermission` policies that were created during a new mesh creation. Since this release your applications can communicate without need to apply any policy by default.

> If you want to keep the previous behaviour set `KUMA_DEFAULTS_CREATE_MESH_ROUTING_RESOURCES` to `true`.

Reviewer: I believe this needs to be enhanced as we should explain in more details. Changes included in this PR are not trivial. To better inform our users about them, we should provide a comprehensive explanation of the following:

* **Policies no longer created by default**: Clearly outline the specific policies that are no longer being automatically installed.

* **Policies created by default**: Clearly identify the new policies that will be automatically installed.

* **Scenarios requiring `KUMA_DEFAULTS_CREATE_MESH_ROUTING_RESOURCES`**: Provide detailed examples and scenarios where setting the `KUMA_DEFAULTS_CREATE_MESH_ROUTING_RESOURCES` flag is necessary. This will help users understand the specific cases where manual intervention is required.

* **Migration steps and considerations**: Outline potential migration steps or considerations for users who are transitioning from the previous policy behavior. This will help them navigate the changes smoothly and ensure their deployments remain stable and secure.

This enhanced version provides a more detailed and structured explanation of the changes, making it easier for users to understand the implications and take the necessary actions.

Reviewer: We can work on it in the stabilization week though if it were to block this PR

Author: Added some notes, missing `Migration steps and considerations`
